---
tags:
  - daily_note
  - journal
  - writing
date: "28 Sep, 2024"
---
# Whats the plan today?
- [x] Make Linear Tasks and Projects
- [ ] Continuing http.zig - implementing `kv.zig` and `buffer.zig` .
	- [ ] They need some performance improvement. But the goal right now is to just copy and understand how the whole code works

# Thoughts & Journal
- Well. I don't think Shri will give me a 20% equity
- But nonetheless, 1 year for Forium will set go everything that is needed for me to exit Wokay and start it.
- I will also have another co-founder who is willing to give it all
- Maybe Mohan will be that guy. Who knows.
- But yeah. All-in-all, let's allote 2 hours of time daily for Forium from next week.
- So. I wake up at 8AM. Exercise for 1 hour, get ready in 1 hour and get to work at home at 10AM
- Now, 8AM waking up is a good sign. 
- Then I will be leaving for office at 12PM
- Will work 12PM - 9PM (Do etc etc work here). Reach back home at 9:30PM, dinner and sleep
- That's it.
- I need to go to sleep by 10:30PM. That's the goal. If that is something I maintain, I will be super-productive in the days to come
- Great. Let's do Forium and some discipline stuffs. So, this is going to be great. I will have enough bandwidth to end the day with rest.
- That is very important. Routine is very important in my life now. Otherwise I will be a mess

- `metrics.zig` is something I can skip for now. We will be implementing a custom chDB/Clickhouse layer with a GUI on top as well.
- All of these will be managed by Docker Compose 

## Admin dashboard
- App admin roles
- Dev access to the running server.
- This will also be fun to build a  chDB UI layer for users to simple embed into their web apps. ChDB UI as a library.
- Interesting times ahead

- Time to follow the routine now. Start for office by 1PM.
- From Monday, this will be my routine moving forward. Little bit of Forium and little bit of Wokay.
- I think SQLite distributed will serve at least 100k concurrent users over 4 machines.
- If this stress test is successful, people will definitely be considering SQLite
- I have till December to work on the Marmot alternative.
- In fact I can start building the whole Forium server starting November. With Hoppscotch and all
- Start building the app. Build the libraries or clone them as per requirement.
- Just plugin SQLite for now with an extra layer for marmot and Postgres QPI